hey guys so today I'll be doing a sweet
and easy Valentine's Day look centered
around soft pink lips I don't often wear
pink so I thought this would be the
perfect opportunity to kind of break out
of my comfort zone
just a little bit and play around with
them this is also a club with the lovely
Freedia here on YouTube who chose to do
a nude lip for her look so if that is
more your style I highly recommend you
to go check that out okay so the first
thing as always is to prime your eyelids
before eye shadow application today I am
using it the Too Faced shadow insurance
primer and this of course as you know is
just to make sure I shadow last all day
without creasing and it gives it the
most pigmentation as possible for
shadows I will be working out of the Too
Faced chocolate bar palette but before I
go any further I just want to thank you
guys so much for the positive feedback
on my review of this palette which I
uploaded just a couple of days ago
you guys are so so kind and amazing just
thank you so much if you missed that I
will leave that link down below but for
the first shade I am using just this
really light matte cream color called
white chocolate I'm just really packing
this onto the lid if you don't have this
palette that's totally fine these shades
are super easy to find in the drugstore
and for the next shade I will be taking
milk chocolate which is another matte
shades just a basic matte Brown with a
pencil brush I'm really concentrating
this into the crease to kind of give it
that sort of cut crease effect but it's
not totally a cut crease and with this
blending brush I'm just going to really
blend out the edges to make sure it's
nice and smooth but it still kind of has
that cut crease effect because of the
pencil brush I'm also taking milk
chocolate and I am dusting that
underneath my eye as well making sure
everything is smooth and blended the
next color I'll be working with is
semi-sweet and it's another matte brown
shade actually it's a little bit darker
than milk chocolate and to me it kind of
has purpley undertones it's really
beautiful and again I'm applying this
color with my pencil brush as well
because I really want to kind of create
that sort of cut crease effect without
actually totally committing to a cut
crease and I'm also taking these colors
and I'm bringing them forth a little bit
closer towards the bridge of my nose
which is something I don't typically do
because I like the inner corner to be
really light and clean
but in this instance I kind of want to
darken everything up now the next color
I'm going in with is cherry cordial
which is a very beautiful very red dark
brown color again I'm using my pencil
brush and I'm really just concentrating
this color into the crease as well as
the very outer corner underneath my eye
now I will be going back in with white
chocolate and I'm going to use this as a
brow highlight I like metz for brow
highlights I know some people prefer
shimmer so go ahead and use whatever you
are personally cool with now I am going
in with champagne truffle which is a
really light champagne shimmery pink
color it's really really pretty and
popping this on the inner corner of my
eye for a nice highlight and I'm
bringing it towards the center a little
bit for a nice gradient effect now this
next step is totally optional but if you
want that extra pop I'm taking this mix
aqua liner it's a waterproof liner in a
very light pink color it's really pretty
and really vibrant but if you use a lot
of it it kind of chunks up and gets
flaky when it dries so use it carefully
for liner I'll be using my lorac pro pen
liner which is actually kind of dying on
me now so it's really hard to get a nice
crisp saturated line but go ahead and
line your eyes however you'd want to you
guys know I like to sometimes over
dramatize my wings I don't know why I do
that it's like I want to take flights
somewhere I don't know I just really
like nice thick crisp dramatic wings but
if that's not for you you can line your
eyes however you'd want it could be nice
and dainty smudgy winged out however
you'd like to I think anything would
work really well for this look for
lashes I'm going the Ardell for 13 from
the curvy line and we're just going to
kind of breeze through this because we
all know I'm really awful at applying
lashes somehow I got the job done though
for contour I'm going in with the hoola
by benefit bronzing powder it's a really
really nice powder but it's not the best
for me because I am really pale it comes
off a tiny bit orange on my skin so I'm
definitely applying this very sparingly
just to kind of complement to my skin
tone a little bit less is more for me
again it's a really good powder just not
perfect for like ghostly pale people
like myself I am just contouring my
cheeks here a little bit to kind of lift
my cheekbones and I'm also going to
contour my nose just the slightest bit
since my eyes are a little bit dramatic
I don't want to do too much color on the
face so I'm just going in with this mac
mineralize skinfinish powder in the
color porcelain pink it's a really nice
finishing powder with a slight pink
tinge to it so I think it works as a
really nice soft flush of color for the
cheeks for highlight I am going into my
current favorite the Becca highlighting
powder in moonstone this is an
absolutely stunning highlighter I used
it in my last makeup tutorial and I just
cannot get enough of it it gives you
such a beautiful noticeable soft focus
glow I'm just applying this to the
height of my cheekbones to kind of lift
them just a little bit it'll also be
applying this down the bridge of my nose
as well as the tip of my nose
okay so that about does it for face
powders now that our false lashes have
completely dried and adhesive our lids
it's time to move on to mascara to blend
them with our real lashes today I am
using the Too Faced better than sex
mascara which I have to say is not
living up to the expectations I wanted
it to it's really nice because it's very
very dark it definitely gives your
lashes depth and volume but it's also
pretty messy and clumpy so you have to
be really careful in working with it but
at that the entire eye look is now
complete to tie the entire makeup look
together
I am opting for a pink lipstick so it
kind of complements the pink inner
corner of our eyes as well as the very
light pink wash on her cheeks and this
is angel from Mac and that the entire
makeup look is complete I had a lot of
fun creating a look that's a little bit
more sweet too rather than sultry again
this was actually a collab with my
friend Freedia if you want to check out
her video I would highly recommend you
do that it is such a gorgeous look and
she's such a sweet genuine person I've
actually been a fan of her channel for
quite some time now so it means so much
to me if you could drop by her channel
check her out say hi or even subscribe
otherwise I want to thank you guys so
much for watching it means so much to me
that you would take the time out of your
day to watch one of my videos I hope you
have an awesome Valentine's Day whether
you are spending it with a loved one
with some friends or by yourself
I know it's just another day in the year
and it's really not that different but
it is kind of fun to take this one day
and do something nice for yourself or
someone you care about I just hope you
guys have an awesome day whether it's
just relaxing on your own or hanging out
with friends or just having a good
evening with someone you love I hope you
guys have an awesome day thank you again
so so much for watching I love you guys
so so much and as always I will see you
in my next video bye